Update images used in testing an airgapped CKF 1.9 deployment (#1053)
canonical/bundle-kubeflow: tests/airgapped/1.9/training/README.md

# Testing training operator in airgapped

This directory is dedicated to testing training operator in an airgapped environment.

## Prerequisites

Prepare the airgapped environment and deploy CKF by following the steps in [Airgapped test scripts](../README.md#testing-airgapped-installation).

> Once you run the test scripts, the `kubeflow-ci/tf-mnist-with-summaries:1.0` image used in the `tfjob-simple` training job will be included in your airgapped environment. It's specifically added in the [`get-all-images.sh` script](../../../scripts/airgapped/get-all-images.sh).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you run the test scripts, the `kubeflow/tf-mnist-with-summaries:latest` image used in the `tfjob-simple` training job will be included in your airgapped environment. It's specifically added in the [`get-all-images.sh` script](../../../scripts/airgapped/get-all-images.sh).
```
